

The Cheat Notice File
Chaz McGarvey
October 4, 2004


The state of the source code--

The source code for The Cheat has been worked on by one person (me) for a long
time.  I'm making this project open source now, but it needs a lot of work
still.  My style of programming is such that I jump around a lot and work on a
lot of different parts of the code at any given time.  Therefore, the vast
majority of the source files are incomplete.  In short, the code is basically a
disaster at first glance.  As I get free time I will continue to work on this
project.  When the code is ready for a new release, it will be more useful. 
Nevertheless, if there's something useful to you help yourself as long as your
intentions are compatible with the GPL license (provided; see file LICENSE).  If
you'd like to help with this project, go right ahead.  You certainly don't need
my permission.

The code should be in a compilable state unedited, but the resulting binary
would only be useful in showing the interface I had in mind for the next
release.  It's mostly non-functional.

The complete Xcode project is included.  That's what I use.  I really don't know
if The Cheat will compile under CodeWarrior or not.  My intentions are to keep
The Cheat Mac OS X 10.2 (Jaguar) compatible.  I have thus far resisted the
temptation to use any new methods or bindings (I hope).

Included with this project are also a few personal classes I've written
(StatusTextField, DeleteTableView, CMVersionCheck, etc) and also CMLog (a simple
NSLog wrapper that allows logging to be toggled on/off).  While not really part
of The Cheat project, I have used them in The Cheat so I went ahead and GPL'd
those classes, too.  Some of the classes included in this project were released
under a BSD-like license (ThreadedTask, MemoryAccessor, MemoryRegion).  Just
FYI.

Well that's basically it.  I hope something useful can become of this.
